all tips about this certainly know but
viewers don't even realize that
Alexander Vasiliev Maslov
even during the rest continues to think about
the café on the stage the team is not golden
youth city of Moscow
shine good evening inspector traffic police
Spiridon captain your documents are kind
evening good evening aa
and again captain spiridon and again on
same place at the third congress
transport well, so long as you have them
in such an elegant way decided to interrupt
my way to the cottage is nothing
I hasten to inform you that a long time ago and
already as more than a little more than half a century like
talk in tongues
is 7 my way to the cottage
which we called without further ado
journey journey into the unknown
up to 30 seconds traditional 30 seconds
which we give commands for thinking
funny well and possibly fun
response time
it means no no first your question
documents
give yourself your documents
documents your documents do not strike
today captain spiridon
well then go with my team to the bushes and
and tell the guys what if you neither
came up with a ridiculous answer
go out asleep like a microphone and talk
every blizzard
but the taste is here and I am happy to the country